WATCH & ENJOY LIVE Streaming Manny Pacquiao vs Chris Algieri Live HBO PPV Boxing match online stream Tv, Watch your favorite team and players online, That’s Comfortable on Windows – Computer, Apple – MacBook, Iphone, Ipad, Ipod, And all Android devices, linux. Manny Pacquiao vs Chris Algieri HBO PPV Boxing live streaming Saturday 22th November 2014, Enjoy watching live stream online HBO PPV Boxing. Stream coverage HBO PPV Boxing online tv, Live HBO PPV Boxing games watch on tv. 2014. Gate The Match Here Live. So don’t miss this exciting match? Click this HD Link, watch and enjoy Manny Pacquiao vs Chris Algieri HBO PPV Boxing match Live online.

WATCH HERE LIVE

MATCH DETAILS:
12 Rounds, For Pacquiao’s WBO welterweight title
At Macau (HBO PPV), 2014
Live: Manny Pacquiao vs Chris Algieri
Date: Saturday 22th November 2014
Time: 9:00 PM ET

Manny Pacquiao and Chris Algieri stepped on the scales ahead of their huge welterweight championship showdown on Saturday in Macau, and there was a little bit of drama.

Pacquiao (55-6-2, 38 KO) will be making the first defense of the WBO Welterweight Championship he won from Timothy Bradley, and he tipped the scales at a ready 143.8 pounds, just under the contracted catchweight limit of 144 pounds.

Algieri (20-0, 8 KO) took two trips to the scale, but he failed to make weight each time. On his first attempt, the undefeated junior welterweight titlist came in at 144.4 pounds.

Things got a little better for the challenger when he removed the rest of his clothes and got down to 144.2 pounds. He was still over the limit, but returned a short while later, coming in under the limit at 143.6 pounds.

Pacquiao vs. Algieri for the WBO Welterweight Championship will be shown Saturday night beginning at 9 p.m. on HBO pay-per-view. You can follow live coverage of the undercard, main event and post-fight festivities right here at Bleacher Report.
That will do it for our live coverage of the Pacquiao vs. Algieri weigh in!

Final weights from Macau:

Pacquiao 143.8

Algieri 144.2

Algieri will have two hours to shed two-tenths of a pound in order to make weight for this weekend's fight at the Cotai Arena.

Keep it locked right here to Bleacher Report for all your live coverage of the weekend's fight and post-fight events.
